CONTRIBUTING: offer clearer guidelines about blocker vs. non-blocker issues (#264651)
NixOS/nixpkgs: CONTRIBUTING.md

GitHub provides reactions as a simple and quick way to provide feedback to pull requests or any comments. The thumb-down reaction should be used with care and if possible accompanied with some explanation so the submitter has directions to improve their contribution.

When doing a review, consider focusing on the changes proposed, if you find out about anything that could be improved but is not part of the proposed changes, consider tracking it as an issue, **offer** the original contributor to do a follow-up pull request or do it in that pull request, but remember that you should ideally not make this a blocker or give the impression to the contributor this would be a blocker for this merge. If the follow-up change is structural for the contribution, make your point clear about why you feel it is important to do it before the proposed changes.

> Also, consider giving to the contributor a clear representation of what you consider to be blocker and not to help them prioritize their efforts towards a potential merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, consider giving to the contributor a clear representation of what you consider to be blocker and to help them prioritize their efforts towards a potential merge.
```

?

> Also, consider giving to the contributor a clear representation of what you consider to be blocker and not to help them prioritize their efforts towards a potential merge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, consider giving the contributor a clear representation of what you consider to be blockers to help them prioritize their efforts towards a potential merge.
```
